Expose WAL configuration in `loki.write` (#4612)
grafana/agent: docs/sources/flow/reference/components/loki.write.md

{{< docs/shared lookup="flow/reference/components/tls-config-block.md" source="agent" >}}

> ### wal block

Author: should we add a note here mentioning this is experimental for the time being?

Reviewer: Yes, mark the header as experimental:

```suggestion
### wal block (experimental)
```

The optional `wal` block configures the write-ahead log used in the Loki remote-write client. If omitted, the WAL
will be disabled. When enabled, the log entries sent to the `loki.write` component will be first written to a write-ahead
log, under the `dir` directory, and then read from there into the remote-write client. This provides durability guarantees
when an entry reaches this component. The client knows when to read from the WAL using the following two mechansims:
- The WAL-writer side of the `loki.write` component notifies the reader side that there is new data available.
- The WAL-reader side check periodically if there is new data, increasing the wait time exponentially, between

>   `min_read_frequency` and `max_read_frequency`.

Author: applied manually

component are first written to a WAL under the `dir` directory and then read into the remote-write client. This process
provides durability guarantees when an entry reaches this component. The client knows when to read from the WAL using the
following two mechanisms:
- The WAL-writer side of the `loki.write` component notifies the reader side that new data is available.
- The WAL-reader side periodically checks if there is new data, increasing the wait time exponentially between
`min_read_frequency` and `max_read_frequency`.

The WAL is located inside a component-specific directory relative to the
storage path Grafana Agent is configured to use. See the
[`agent run` documentation][run] for how to change the storage path.

The following arguments are supported:

Name                  | Type       | Description                                                                                                        | Default   | Required
--------------------- |------------|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|-----------| --------

> `enabled`                 | `bool`     | Wether to enable or not the WAL.                                                                                   | false     | no

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`enabled`                 | `bool`     | Whether to enable the WAL.                                                                                   | false     | no
```
